Add extra tip to demo body of first `Review` (#1006)
api-platform/docs: distribution/index.md

    "publicationDate": "September 21, 2016"
}
```

> **Tip:** If you are using symfony flex, the content of the key `book` should be `"/api/books/1"`

Reviewer: It's not related to flex, but the prefix you configured in your routing.
I think this addition can bring confusion.

> **Tip:** If you are using symfony flex, the content of the key `book` should be `"/api/books/1"`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Note:** If you are using have installed API Platform in an existing project using `composer`, the content of the key `book` must be `"/api/books/1"`
```
